Awareness makes life a game and is sure to bring relaxation, energy, joy and contentment.
Satsang helps to acquire knowledge. Its main purpose is to kindle bliss within. Do satsang to elevate &amp; connect to the Divine.
You say, 'My happiness &amp; peace are not dependent on anything outside.' You know this, but do you believe in it? Check your thoughts and actions.
Seek the bond of divine love and free yourself from the shackles of attachment.
Austerities are not to go hungry and torture the body. They are consciously created conditions to train you to remain equanimous in adversities.
If your final destination is liberation, then the first step is intense yearning for liberation.
Independence from likes, dislikes and ignorance is true freedom.
Glory to the Enlightened Master, who moves in the world inspiring millions to walk the divine path and leaves behind footprints for generations to follow.
Darshan, satsang, &amp; seva of the Guru devaluates all riches of the world &amp; increases the value for inner wealth of consciousness.
Is dharma your passion or just a fashion? 
For passion brings results not mere activities.
The journey of self-realisation begins with the Guru's words, progresses with self-enquiry and culminates in direct personal experience.
Check your spiritual state, not by your dry word-knowledge, but by how you respond to situations.
Revolution in thinking, radical transformation in his beliefs and awareness in activities is the hallmark of a seeker who has a Guru.
Just as a child feels secured with his mother around, the seeker feels secured when he has a Guru to instruct and inspect him.
Friendship needs no promises, no demands, no expectations. It just needs faith and sincerity. Seek such a friendship with the Divine.
Delusion is very tricky. If trapped, delays your journey. Follow the Guru. Like a local, He knows the definite ways to take you through it.
The Guru, like a tree gives shade without asking that will relieve you from the scorching heat of worldly sorrows.
Guru can never leave you, for He resides in your heart calling out loud for you to come within. Go in a prayerful mood and feel His presence.
Enlightened Ones are living scriptures. Whatever they speak is found in the scriptures, not because it is in the scriptures but it is their direct experience.
Power and money are the fruits of life but Guru and satsangs are the roots of life. We can manage without fruits, but can never stand without roots.
Change is never painful, only the resistance to change is painful.
The greatest offering to the Guru is sincerity in the pursuit of Self-transformation.
We have learned to fly in the air like a bird &amp; swim in the sea like a fish, but we have not learned the simple art of living together as brothers.
Having a sharp memory is great, but sometimes the ability to forget is better to live a happy life.
Plan your actions, don't plan your results.
The only valid excuse for not exercising is paralysis.
The sight of the peaceful countenance of the Guru shows the worthlessness of all your confusion &amp; frustration.
If you want a comfortable journey of life, then reduce the luggage of expectations.
Never search for happiness in others, it will make you feel alone;
But search for it in yourself &amp; you will be happy even if you are alone.
Every time you are tempted to react in the same way, ask yourself, if you want to be a prisoner of the past or pioneer of the future.
You should sit in meditation for twenty minutes a day, unless you are too busy - then you should sit for an hour!
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you are tired.
You are in your Guru's hands. Never worry or demand; never be confused, sad or give up. Just stay connected.
Gurupurnima is a day to remember the Guru's favours, strengthen love, faith and surrendership unto Him and bring force in your journey towards moksh.
Live every moment of your life in tune with the purity, joy &amp; connectedness you experience in the presence of the Guru.
The best gift from the Guru is not answering your questions but questioning your answers.
Guru doesn't only have information about the Self; He has its first hand experience. He is in a state of bliss beyond senses and doership.
Human beings are very strange - they have ego of their knowledge but they don't have knowledge of their ego.
He who experiences transformation through Guru's grace yearns to share his Guru with everyone known and unknown.
The price of discipline is always less than the cost of regret.
Wrong is wrong, even if everyone is doing it.
Right is right, even if no one is doing it.
